c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Robot.exe.config
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Robot.exe
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Robot.pdb
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\obj\Debug\Robot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\obj\Debug\Robot.exe
c:\users\stuart\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Robot\Robot\obj\Debug\Robot.pdb
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Robot.exe.config
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Robot.exe
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Robot.pdb
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\obj\Debug\Robot.exe
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\obj\Debug\Robot.pdb
C:\Code\Robot\Robot\obj\Debug\Robot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
